Copyright (C) 2015
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, Cambridge, MA, USA
This code has been modified under the terms listed below and is made
available under the same terms.

Copyright 1991-1997 by Bell Labs Innovations for Lucent Technologies.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided
that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that the
copyright notice and warranty disclaimer appear in supporting documentation,
and that the names of Lucent Technologies any of their entities not be used
in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software
without specific, written prior permission.

Lucent Technologies disclaims all warranties with regard to this software,
including all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness.  In no event
shall Lucent Technologies be liable for any special, indirect or
consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use,
data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other
tortuous action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance
of this software.  

Introduction to the tkblt library

tkblt is a library of extensions to the Tk library.  It adds new
commands and variables to the application's interpreter.

The following commands are added to the interpreter from the BLT library:

graph
A 2D plotting widget.  Plots two variable data in a window with an optional 
legend and annotations.   It has of several components; coordinate axes, 
crosshairs, a legend, and a collection of elements and tags.

barchart
A barchart widget.  Plots two-variable data as rectangular bars in a 
window.  The x-coordinate values designate the position of the bar along 
the x-axis, while the y-coordinate values designate the magnitude.
The barchart widget has of several components; coordinate axes, 
crosshairs, a legend, and a collection of elements and tags.

vector 
Creates a vector of floating point values.  The vector's components
can be manipulated in three ways: through a Tcl array variable, a Tcl
command, or the C API.

Send bug reports, requests, suggestions, etc. to 

wjoye@cfa.harvard.edu

